---
layout: post
title:  "Update For Fall of 2019"
date:   2019-08-30 20:00:00 -0500
categories: [research]
---

I just want to give an update on what I am up to this fall!

First, I will be participating in two research projects this fall. The first will continue
our work from the summer, which I described in my last post. Our goal is to create and describe
a method to execute machine learning code in a secure environment. More specifically, the
computations made on ARM CPUs. This will especially be useful for edge devices that are part
of the IoT.

Second, I am happy to announce that I will continue leading the
[CAM2 Software Engineering team](https://purduehelps.org/people.html#software-engineering-for-machine-learning).
After focusing on the code review process and developing educational materials for teaching
researchers how to utilize it in their work, we are switching things up and starting work on
and a software-related project. Essentially, we aim to create tools that will aid code reviewers in
facilitating code reviews via automatic means. To begin, we will give the software manual
functionality; then, we will use machine learning to automate everything. More specific details of
our work to come soon.

I will also begin applying for PhD programs this semester. It's going to be a lot of work, but I
am confident I can make a strong case in my applications! When applying for undergrad, I made the
mistake of putting off my essays until the last minute, but I won't be doing that this time around.
